ewm7891: Improve mantid-related Documentation Links (#7)
mantidproject/mantid-profiler: README.md

[viztracer](https://github.com/gaogaotiantian/viztracer) creates similar information for generic python software

## Related Documentation

> - [Mantid's AlgoTimeRegister](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/docs/source/api/python/mantid/api/AlgoTimeRegister.rst) explains the under-the-hood of the timing mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mantid's AlgoTimeRegister](https://docs.mantidproject.org/api/python/mantid/api/AlgoTimeRegister.html) explains the under-the-hood of the timing mechanism.
```

> - [Mantid developer profiler documentation](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/dev-docs/source/AlgorithmProfiler.rst) provides additional information as to how it works with mantid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mantid developer profiler documentation](https://developer.mantidproject.org/AlgorithmProfiler.html) provides additional information as to how it works with mantid.
```

> - [Mantid User Properties File](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/blob/main/docs/source/concepts/PropertiesFile.rst#algorithm-profiling-settings) has some fields to be noted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mantid User Properties File](https://docs.mantidproject.org/concepts/PropertiesFile.html#algorithm-profiling-settings) has some fields to be noted.
```
